Update Release Pipeline and associated Task :technologist: :smiley_cat: (#1000)
tektoncd/triggers: tekton/release-cheat-sheet.md

      --workspace name=release-secret,secret=release-secret \
      --workspace name=workarea,volumeClaimTemplateFile=workspace-template.yaml
    ```

1. Watch logs of triggers-release.

1. Once the pipeline run is complete, check its results:

   ```bash
   tkn --context dogfooding pr describe <pipeline-run-name>

   (...)
   📝 Results

   NAME                    VALUE
   ∙ commit-sha            ff6d7abebde12460aecd061ab0f6fd21053ba8a7
   ∙ release-file           https://storage.googleapis.com/tekton-releases-nightly/triggers/previous/v20210223-xyzxyz/release.yaml
   ∙ release-file-no-tag    https://storage.googleapis.com/tekton-releases-nightly/triggers/previous/v20210223-xyzxyz/release.notag.yaml

   (...)
   ```

   The `commit-sha` should match `$TEKTON_RELEASE_GIT_SHA`.
   The two URLs can be opened in the browser or via `curl` to download the release manifests.

    1. The YAMLs are now released! Anyone installing Tekton Triggers will now get the new version. Time to create a new GitHub release announcement:

    1. Create additional environment variables

    ```bash
    TRIGGERS_OLD_VERSION=# Example: v0.11.1
    TEKTON_PACKAGE=tektoncd/triggers
    ```

>     1. Create a `PipelineResource` of type `git`

Reviewer: Ahh the crease draft release still requires a git resource...Still this is much better than what we had before.

    ```bash
    tkn --context dogfooding task start \
      -i source="tekton-triggerss-$(echo $TEKTON_VERSION | tr '.' '-')" \
      -i release-bucket=tekton-triggers-bucket \
      -p package="${TEKTON_PACKAGE}" \
      -p release-tag="${TRIGGERS_VERSION}" \
      -p previous-release-tag="${TRIGGERS_OLD_VERSION}" \
      create-draft-release
    ```

    1. Watch logs of create-draft-release

    1. On successful completion, a URL will be logged. Visit that URL and look through the release notes.
      1. Manually add upgrade and deprecation notices based on the generated release notes
      1. Double-check that the list of commits here matches your expectations
         for the release. You might need to remove incorrect commits or copy/paste commits
         from the release branch. Refer to previous releases to confirm the expected format.

    1. Un-check the "This is a pre-release" checkbox since you're making a legit for-reals release!

    1. Publish the GitHub release once all notes are correct and in order.

1. Edit `README.md` on `master` branch, add entry to docs table with latest release links.

1. Push & make PR for updated `README.md`

> 

Reviewer: One minor thing: I'd like to keep the step where we explicitly mention the release captain stop pointing to the dogfooding cluster so that we don't accidentally update it with the new release (step 12. previously)

Author: done 👍

1. Test release that you just made against your own cluster (note `--context my-dev-cluster`):

    ```bash
    # Test latest
    kubectl --context my-dev-cluster apply --filename https://storage.googleapis.com/tekton-releases/triggers/latest/release.yaml
    ```

    ```bash
    # Test backport
    kubectl --context my-dev-cluster apply --filename https://storage.googleapis.com/tekton-releases/triggers/previous/v0.12.1/release.yaml
    ```

> 1. Announce the release in Slack channels #general and #pipelines.

Reviewer: and #tr
```suggestion
1. Announce the release in Slack channels #general, #triggers, and #announcements.
```
```suggestion
1. Announce the release in Slack channels #general and #pipelines.
```
